[Intro Animation]
Hi my name is Sophie Langman and I’m in my third year of graphic design at Algonquin college and this is a little bit about me.
[What inspired you to purse graphic design?]
When I was in the fourth grade I had an English teacher named Miss Tucker and she gave us an assignment to create a billboard and a logo,
this is the first time I’ve ever heard of graphic design and I’ve been saying I wanted to be a graphic designer ever since.
after that I took a class called com-tech in high school which is where I first learned
all the Adobe software and really the basics of design and from there I found myself Algonquin.
Apparently Miss Tucker still uses my project as an example to this day though!
[What other passions and hobbies do you have aside from
graphic design?]
I love theatre especially musical theatre other forms of art and fashion
which aren’t so far away from graphic design in the grand scheme of things but
I’m also very very passionate about environmentalism and sustainable living
something which I’d really love to incorporate into my design work.
[what are some things you’ve done to adapt to the work/school from home life]
I found it was really important to have some semblance of a routine even if I didn’t have somewhere I physically needed to be
and then also because I’m a very very social person I found it was really important for me
to find ways to connect with my friends my peers my coworkers virtually and when I started I started doing that more often I really found that helped with self motivation.
[Outro Animation]